Add section on security fixes, backports, backwards-incompatible fixes (#1835)
python/devguide: security/policy.rst

see :ref:`psrt-vulnerability-process`.

When are security fixes released or backported?
-----------------------------------------------

Advisories and CVE records are published after a security fix is first merged.
The CVE record contains information about the patch and will be kept up-to-date
as the patch is backported and released to Python versions.

According to :pep:`602`, Python versions receive five years of security updates
after the new Python version is released. However, these security updates
are not published according to a fixed schedule or as a result of any security
fix being available. The schedule for security updates is determined by
the Release Manager. Users are encouraged to apply patches themselves ahead
of patches being merged and released if necessary.

Security fixes that only affect binary installers (such as macOS and Windows)
will not be published to Python release streams that are
:ref:`source-only <secbranch>`.

Some security fixes may require introducing backwards-incompatible behavior
changes. In these circumstances, the Python Steering Council
will decide with the relevant Release Manager(s) whether to proceed

> with introducing a backwards incompatible change to fix a security vulnerability

Reviewer: ```suggestion
will decide with the relevant Release Managers whether to introduce
a backwards incompatible change to fix a security vulnerability
```

in a stable version. This may affect whether a security fix is backported

> to all Python versions or enabled by default, see the CVE record for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to all Python versions or enabled by default. See the CVE record for
```

The CVE record contains information about the patch and will be kept up-to-date
as the patch is backported and released to Python versions.

According to :pep:`602`, Python versions receive five years of security updates
after the new Python version is released. However, these security updates
are not published according to a fixed schedule or as a result of any security
fix being available. The schedule for security updates is determined by
the Release Manager. Users are encouraged to apply patches themselves ahead
of patches being merged and released if necessary.

Security fixes that only affect binary installers (such as macOS and Windows)
will not be published to Python release streams that are `source-only`_.

Some security fixes may require introducing backwards-incompatible behavior
changes. In these circumstances, the Python Steering Council
will decide with the relevant Release Manager(s) whether to proceed
with introducing a backwards incompatible change to fix a security vulnerability
in a stable version. This may affect whether a security fix is backported
to all Python versions or enabled by default, see the CVE record for
more information.

> .. _source-only: https://devguide.python.org/developer-workflow/development-cycle/#security-branches

Reviewer 2: Can we please have a ref instead?
